ci: build and publish documentation (#200)
openfoodfacts/search-a-licious: docs/users/ref-openapi.md

# Reference for Search-a-licious API

> **IMPORTANT:** do not edit this file, it is replaced by open api documentation (using redocly at documentation generation time).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**IMPORTANT:** do not edit this file, it is replaced by OpenAPI documentation (using redocly at documentation generation time).
```
